\documentclass[]{elsarticle} %review=doublespace preprint=single 5p=2 column
%%% Begin My package additions %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
\usepackage[hyphens]{url}
\usepackage{lineno} % add
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}

\bibliographystyle{elsarticle-harv}
\biboptions{sort&compress} % For natbib
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{booktabs} % book-quality tables
%% Redefines the elsarticle footer
%\makeatletter
%\def\ps@pprintTitle{%
% \let\@oddhead\@empty
% \let\@evenhead\@empty
% \def\@oddfoot{\it \hfill\today}%
% \let\@evenfoot\@oddfoot}
%\makeatother

% A modified page layout
\textwidth 6.75in
\oddsidemargin -0.15in
\evensidemargin -0.15in
\textheight 9in
\topmargin -0.5in
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% end my additions to header

\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \usepackage{fontspec}
  \ifxetex
    \usepackage{xltxtra,xunicode}
  \fi
  \defaultfontfeatures{Mapping=tex-text,Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \newcommand{\euro}{€}
\fi
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{\usepackage{microtype}}{}
\usepackage{graphicx}
% We will generate all images so they have a width \maxwidth. This means
% that they will get their normal width if they fit onto the page, but
% are scaled down if they would overflow the margins.
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth
\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\makeatother
\let\Oldincludegraphics\includegraphics
\renewcommand{\includegraphics}[1]{\Oldincludegraphics[width=\maxwidth]{#1}}
\ifxetex
  \usepackage[setpagesize=false, % page size defined by xetex
              unicode=false, % unicode breaks when used with xetex
              xetex]{hyperref}
\else
  \usepackage[unicode=true]{hyperref}
\fi
\hypersetup{breaklinks=true,
            bookmarks=true,
            pdfauthor={},
            pdftitle={Inter and Intra-Regional Spillovers of Global External-Competitiveness},
            colorlinks=true,
            urlcolor=blue,
            linkcolor=magenta,
            pdfborder={0 0 0}}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}
% Pandoc toggle for numbering sections (defaults to be off)
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}
% Pandoc header


\usepackage[nomarkers]{endfloat}

\begin{document}
\begin{frontmatter}

  \title{Inter and Intra-Regional Spillovers of Global External-Competitiveness}
    \author[West Virginia University]{Shishir Shakya\corref{c1}}
   \ead{shishir.shakya@mail.wvu.edu} 
   \cortext[c1]{Corresponding Author}
    \author[West Virginia University]{Alexandre R. Scarcioffolo}
   \ead{alexandre.ribeiroscarcioffolo@mail.wvu.edu} 
  
      \address[West Virginia University]{College of Business and Economics \& Regional Research Institute (RRI),
West Virginia University}
    \address[Another University]{Davis College of Agriculture, Natural Resources and Design \& Regional
Research Institute (RRI), West Virginia University}
  
  \begin{abstract}
  The 2007 U.S. sub-prime mortgage crisis spillover globally in 2008,
  sharply affecting the entire world, especially European countries. Ever
  since, measuring and mapping how the shocks are transmitted and received
  in such global network has become a vital research domain. Several
  papers by Diebold and Yilmaz (2009, 2014, 2015) laid foundations to
  analyze the financial interrelatedness based on the stock prices.
  However, in this paper, we investigated the dynamics of connectedness of
  external-competitiveness by mapping how countries are economically
  connected to transmit and receive external-competitiveness and by
  ranking the economies based on their ability to transmit or receive
  external-competitiveness. In our study, the external-competitiveness
  refers to the nation capability to trade at the competitive prices in
  the international market. As the proxy for external competitiveness, we
  retrieved the daily data (10/3/1983 - 2/14/2017) of effective exchange
  rate (EER ) from the Bank of International Settlements (BIS) for 25
  major economies which includes Group of Ten (G10) , along with,
  Australia, Austria, Denmark, Finland, Greece, Ireland, New Zealand,
  Norway, Portugal and Spain and the four ``Asian Newly Industrialized
  Economies'' (NIEs).
  \end{abstract}
  
 \end{frontmatter}

\section{Introduction}\label{introduction}

The intricately interconnectedness of global economies due to
deregulation, liberalization, and spatial specialization in production
followed by succession of revolutionary advances in information and
communications technologies, in one hand have promoted economic
prosperity while in other, have made markets vulnerable to shocks
regardless of its origin (Park and Shin 2017). Foreseeing how events in
one country or region might spillover to other countries is primordial
to Governments, private companies, and private investors. By doing so,
Government's leaders can anticipate disruptive global shocks by
incentive their own economy as well as by protecting vital sectors that
might be essential to the nation, guaranteeing the welfare while
improving the economic performance during a distress moment. Moreover,
global private companies can efficiently change corporate investment in
regions/sectors that might be heavily affected to investments that do
not bring that level of uncertainty. Finally, through the lens of
private investors, having better information regarding the global market
conditions might improve the allocation of their portfolios, maximizing
gains through arbitrage. Therefore, measuring and mapping how economic
shocks are transmitted and received in such global network has become a
vital research domain in which this study focus on understudying the
dynamics of countries' competitiveness with respect to global economic
shocks.

Periods of distress economies such as the European Monetary System (EMS)
crisis 1992-1993, the Mexican crisis (Tequila crisis) in the end of
1994; the Thailand crisis (Asian flu) in 1997; Russian crisis (Russian
virus) in 1998 and the Argentinean crisis in 2001 have persistently
proven the financial and economic turbulence as the ramifications of
interconnected world (Kali and Reyes 2010). Further, the 2007 U.S.
sub-prime mortgage crisis followed by Lehman Brothers collapse spillover
globally in 2008 sharply affecting the world and triggering the European
debt crisis in 2009. Voluminous researches have concentrated on the
connectedness of financial markets and its interactions (see F. X.
Diebold and Yilmaz 2009, F. X. Diebold and Yilmaz (2012), F. X. Diebold
and Yilmaz (2013), F. X. Diebold and Yilmaz (2014), Barunik and Krehlik
(2015), F. X. Diebold and Yilmaz (2015)). Although, due to high linked
and globalized world in which shocks move regardless of geographic
boundaries, identifying the transmiter and receiver of shocks can be
applied to broader contexts. For instance, Antonakakis (2012) examine
the spillover dynamics of major exchange rates before and after the
introduction of euro in which the post-euro period is characterized with
lower spillover in comparison with the pre-euro. The British pound was
found to be the dominant net receiver of volatility, whereas the
Deutsche mark the dominant net transmitter of volatility. Differently,
Klößner and Sekkel (2014) Awartani, Aktham, and Cherif (2016)
investigate the directional risk transfer from oil to US equities,
Euro/Dollar exchange rates, precious metals and agricultural
commodities; Billio et al. (2012) measure the connectedness of returns
of hedge funds, banks, broker/dealers, and insurance companies based on
principal components analysis and Granger causality networks; Bubák,
Kočenda, and Žikeš (2011) study the dynamics of volatility transmission
between Central European (CE) currencies and the EUR/USD foreign
exchange; Cimini (2015) 80 largest eurozone financial and non-financial
entities in terms of market capitalisation.

One area of interest that is underrate and quite controversial is to
measure the dynamics of international competitiveness. In general, the
concept of ``competitiveness'' can conclave the multidimensional facets
of market performances that relates to product quality, ability to
innovate, rapidly adjust to customer needs, and absence of the
restrictive practice in labor market (Turner and Van'tdack 1993).
Nonetheless, its interpretation can be easily misleading since there is
no unique definition of the term ``competitiveness''. According to
Krugman (1994), the word ``competitiveness" has two different meaning
depends on its application. Corporation competitiveness, it is a
zero-sum game, of which if a firm A is losing its competitiveness
(market share), other firms will incorporate it until the firm A goes
bankrupt. On the other hand, when we refer to competitiveness in a
international perspective, we cannot use the same definition above since
countries do not go out of business.

Besides these hurdles of definition of international competitiveness, we
can assume a narrow concept in which it lies on relative price or cost
(Turner and Van'tdack 1993). However, even the narrow definition of
international competitiveness is not free of misinterpretation given
that if relative cost is too high deters to compete internationally,
while strong economic performances due to low relative cost might
appreciates the exchange rate thus leads to higher relative cost.
Similarly, UNCTAD (2012) defines international competitiveness as the
country's advantage or disadvantage in trading in the international
markets. Consequently, the international competitiveness broadly
represents the stability of domestic goods and services with respect to
the international market in which the real exchange rates capture this
dynamics.

The measurement of the real exchange rate brings us to another problem,
which there is no index that perfectly represents the real exchange
rate. There are different indexes in the literature, each of which with
its on drawbacks. Among those, the effective exchange rate (EER) index
is the prevalent proxy for the international competitiveness (see Turner
and Van'tdack 1993, Klau and Fung (2006)). The Real EER is an index
based on trade-weighted average of bilateral exchange rates of a
currency against a basket of currencies adjusted by inflation in which
according to Klau and Fung (2006), it is a superior indicator related to
macroeconomic effects of exchange rate compared to any other bilateral
rate since it take into account both nominal exchange rate and the
inflation differential vis-à-vis trading partners. In both policy and
market analysis, Real EERs serve various purposes: as a measure of
international competitiveness, as components of monetary/financial
conditions indices, as a gauge of the transmission of external shocks,
as an intermediate target for monetary policy or as an operational
target (Klau and Fung 2006).

Previously, the Bank for International Settlements (BIS) provided the
Effective Exchange rates (EER) data for 27 economies, which the weighted
system was based on 1990 trade flows. However, in order to expand the
coverage as well as to improve the methodology, the BIS provide EERs
information for 52 countries using a time-varying trade weights.

\textcolor{red}{STOP HERE}

The intricately interconnectedness of global economies due to
deregulation, liberalization, and spatial specialization in production
followed by succession of revolutionary advances in information and
communications technologies, in one hand have promoted economic
prosperity while in other, have made markets vulnerable to shocks
regardless of the origin of the shocks {[}Park and Shin (2017)\} (Park
and Shin 2017). Foreseeing how events in one country or region might
spillover to other countries is primordial to Governments, private
companies, and private investors. By doing so, Government's leaders can
anticipate disruptive global shocks by incentive their own economy as
well as by protecting vital sectors that might be essential to the
nation, guaranteeing the welfare while improving the economic
performance during a distress moment. Moreover, global private companies
can efficiently change corporate investment in regions/sectors that
might be heavily affected to investments that do not bring that level of
uncertainty. Finally, through the lens of private investors, having
better information regarding the global market conditions might improve
the allocation of their portfolios, maximizing gains through arbitrage.
Therefore, measuring and mapping how economic shocks are transmitted and
received in such global network has become a vital research domain in
which this study focus on understudying the dynamics of countries'
competitiveness with respect to global economic shocks.

Periods of distress economies such as the European Monetary System (EMS)
crisis 1992-1993, the Mexican crisis (Tequila crisis) in the end of
1994; the Thailand crisis (Asian flu) in 1997; Russian crisis (Russian
virus) in 1998 and the Argentinean crisis in 2001 have persistently
proven the financial and economic turbulence as the ramifications of
interconnected world (Kali and Reyes 2010). Further, the 2007 U.S.
sub-prime mortgage crisis followed by Lehman Brothers collapse spillover
globally in 2008 sharply affecting the world and triggering the European
debt crisis in 2009. Voluminous researches have concentrated on the
connectedness of financial markets and its interactions while (see F. X.
Diebold and Yilmaz 2009, F. X. Diebold and Yilmaz (2012), F. X. Diebold
and Yilmaz (2013), F. X. Diebold and Yilmaz (2014), Barunik and Krehlik
(2015), F. X. Diebold and Yilmaz (2015)) are pioneers.

Although, due to high linked and globalized world in which shocks move
regardless of geographic boundaries, identifying the transmiter and
receiver of shocks can be applied to broader contexts. For an example:
F. X. Diebold and Yilmaz (2013) examine business cycle connectedness of
U.S.A, Japan, France, Germany, U.K. and Italy; Awartani, Aktham, and
Cherif (2016) investigate the directional risk transfer from oil to US
equities, Euro/Dollar exchange rates, precious metals and agricultural
commodities and Barunik and Krehlik (2015) used rich time-frequency
dynamics of volatility connectedness in US financial institutions;
Billio et al. (2012) measure the connectedness of returns of hedge
funds, banks, broker/dealers, and insurance companies based on principal
components analysis and Granger causality networks; Bubák, Kočenda, and
Žikeš (2011) study the dynamics of volatility transmission between
Central European (CE) currencies and the EUR/USD foreign exchange;
Cimini (2015) 80 largest eurozone financial and non-financial entities
in terms of market capitalisation. \textbf{I will cite trade networks,
sectorial networks and financial too and we will seggregate..}

\includegraphics{Main_files/figure-latex/unnamed-chunk-1-1.pdf}

\section{Literature reviews}\label{literature-reviews}

\section{Data and methodologies}\label{data-and-methodologies}

\subsection{Data}\label{data}

The narrow NEER consist only advanced economies while the broad NEER
consist developing. Although the broad basket is more representative
than the narrow one, neither should be regarded as the ``better"
measure, and which one to study depends on the context. The narrow
indices may better gauge the competitiveness among advanced countries
because their products have similar elasticities of substitution. The
broad indices, on the other hand, give a more global picture by taking
the emerging market economies into account. As a result, they would be
more useful in analyses of issues such as the sustainability of the
external trade balances.

For this study, we retrieved the broad daily data of NEER from
(11--04--1996 to- 08--08--2017) broad indices of NEER indices (NEER
henceforth) from the Bank of International Settlement (BIS) website.
This dataset includes 61 economies, however, for our study we only
considered the 25 major importer and exporter economies according to
World Bank (2014). Major 25 economies (based on their merchandise
imports and export reported by World Bank for year 2014). The list of
countries and their respective region classification is given in
Table-1. We took calculated the weekly average NEER weekly average from
the of daily data NEER, then converting theed weekly NEER to average
weekly real effective exchange rate (REER) using the month specific
deflator. The monthly deflator was derived from the monthly REER and
NEER. Monthly REER and NEER were also retrieved from the BIS website.

For the analysis, we developed two sets of data. First, We consider the
are the growth rates of the weekly REER of each economy and and second
is the weekly volatility based on the daily REER under the assumption of
the volatility is fixed within the week ly period but variable across
weeks following (Garman, Mark and Klass 1980, Alizadeh2002) methodology.
We considered the REER of Monday and Friday as weekly opening and
closing value, and weekly minimum and maximum as the low and close
value. The weekly estimated volatility is calculate as following:

Then they use the implied volatility and assume that the implied
volatility is fixed within periods (in this case, weeks) but variable
across periods. Then, following Garman, Mark and Klass (1980) and
Alizadeh, Brandt, and Diebold (2002), we can use weekly high, low,
opening and closing prices obtained from underlying daily
high/low/open/close data to estimate weekly stock return volatility:

\[{{\hat{\sigma }}^{2}}=0.511{{\left( {{H}_{t}}-{{L}_{t}} \right)}^{2}}-0.019\left[ \left( {{C}_{t}}-{{O}_{t}} \right)\left( {{H}_{t}}+{{L}_{t}}-2{{O}_{t}} \right)-2\left( {{H}_{t}}-{{O}_{t}} \right)\left( {{L}_{t}}-{{O}_{t}} \right) \right]-0.383{{\left( {{C}_{t}}-{{O}_{t}} \right)}^{2}}\]

where, \(H\) is the Monday-Friday high, \(L\) is the Monday-Friday low,
\(O\) is the Monday open and \(C\) is the Friday close (all in natural
logarithms).

\subsection{Diebold and Yilmaz
methodology}\label{diebold-and-yilmaz-methodology}

Vector autoregression (VAR) model is a stochastic process to capture the
linear interdependencies among multiple stationary time series by
incorporating own lagged values, the lagged values of the other model
variables, and an error term. VAR modeling does not require as much
knowledge about the forces influencing a variable as do structural
models with simultaneous equations: The only prior knowledge required is
a list of variables which can be hypothesized to affect each other
intertemporally. Following Sims (1980), given \(N\) stationary
variables, a \(p\) lagged vector autoregression \(VAR\left( p \right)\)
system can be defined as:

\[{{x}_{t}}=\sum\nolimits_{i=1}^{p}{{{\Phi }_{i}}{{x}_{t-i}}+{{\varepsilon }_{t}}}\]

The basic component of Diebold and Yilmaz (D\&Y) model is the
generalized variance decomposition of forecast errors of an \(N-\)
variables (economies), \(p\) lagged covariance stationary vector
auto-regression \(VAR\left( p \right)\)approximating model. Such
\(VAR\left( p \right)\) system is defined as:

\[{{x}_{t}}=\sum\nolimits_{i=1}^{p}{{{\Phi }_{i}}{{x}_{t-i}}+{{\varepsilon }_{t}}}\]

where \({{\varepsilon }_{t}}\) is the vectors independently and
identically distributed disturbances and \(\Omega\) is the covariance
matrix. For a covariance stationary \(VAR\left( p \right)\) process
there exist the moving averages representation as
\({{x}_{t}}=\sum\nolimits_{i=0}^{\infty }{{{A}_{i}}{{\varepsilon }_{t-i}}}\),
where the \(N\times N\) coefficient matrix \({{A}_{i}}\) obey the
recursion
\({{A}_{i}}={{\Phi }_{1}}{{A}_{i-1}}+{{\Phi }_{2}}{{A}_{i-2}}+\cdots +{{\Phi }_{p}}{{A}_{i-p}}\)
with \({{A}_{0}}\) an \(N\times N\) identity matrix and \({{A}_{i}}=0\)
for \(i<0\).The moving averages coefficients (or transformations such as
impulse response functions or variance decomposition) provides the
dynamics of the system.

where, \({{\varepsilon }_{t}}\) is the vectors independently and
identically distributed disturbances and \(\Omega\) is the covariance
matrix. For a covariance stationary \(VAR\left( p \right)\) process
there exist the moving averages representation as
\({{x}_{t}}=\sum\nolimits_{i=0}^{\infty }{{{A}_{i}}{{\varepsilon }_{t-i}}}\),
where the \(N\times N\) coefficient matrix \({{A}_{i}}\) obey the
recursion
\({{A}_{i}}={{\Phi }_{1}}{{A}_{i-1}}+{{\Phi }_{2}}{{A}_{i-2}}+\cdots +{{\Phi }_{p}}{{A}_{i-p}}\)
with \({{A}_{0}}\) being an \(N\times N\) identity matrix and
\({{A}_{i}}=0\) for \(i<0\). The moving averages coefficients (or
transformations such as impulse response functions or variance
decomposition) provides the dynamics of the system.

The variance decompositions allow to split the H-step ahead forecast
error of each variable into parts that can be attributable to the
various market shocks. The aggregation of these decompositions will be
subsequently used to compute the directional connectedness from an
economy to any or to all the included economy.

The variance decompositions computation is usually done by using
orthogonal VAR shocks. The Cholesky identification scheme achieves
orthogonality but the computed variance decompositions are then unstable
and they are dependent on the ordering of the marketsmodel. Thus,
Cholesky decomposition is not suitable. A framework that produces
order-invariant decompositions is the generalized variance
decompositions, of which it VAR that allows for correlated shocks but
accounts for them appropriately. The framework, which we denote KPPS,
has been first proposed by Koop et al. (1996) and Pesaran and Shin
(1998). The KPPS forecast error variance decomposition matrix (VDM) for
H step ahead is computed as:

\[\theta _{ij}^{g}\left( H \right)=\frac{\sigma _{jj}^{-1}\sum\nolimits_{h=0}^{H-1}{{{\left( {{{{e}'}}_{i}}{{h}_{h}}\Omega {{e}_{j}} \right)}^{2}}}}{\sum\nolimits_{h=0}^{H-1}{\left( {{{{e}'}}_{i}}{{h}_{h}}\Omega {{e}_{j}} \right)}}\]

Where, \({{\sigma }_{jj}}\) is the standard deviation of the error term
of the \({{j}^{th}}\) economy and \({{e}_{i}}\) is a selection vector
with one on the \({{i}^{th}}\) element and zero otherwise.

To provide the information about the relative importance of each random
innovation to the variables in the VAR (information relative to the size
of endogenous and exogenous shocks on a given market), we can normalize
each entry with its respective row as:

\[\tilde{\theta }_{ij}^{g}\left( H \right)=\frac{\theta _{ij}^{g}\left( H \right)}{\sum\nolimits_{j=1}^{N}{\theta _{ij}^{g}\left( H \right)}}\]

Which implies the row sum for any \({{i}^{th}}\) economy to be
\(\sum\nolimits_{j=1}^{N}{\tilde{\theta }_{ij}^{g}\left( H \right)}=1\),
hence row sums across all the economy be
\(\sum\nolimits_{i=1}^{N}{\sum\nolimits_{j=1}^{N}{\tilde{\theta }_{ij}^{g}\left( H \right)}}=N\).
Now each element of the row wise standardized VDM i.e
\({\tilde \theta _{ij}^g\left( H \right)}\) can be interpreted as the
pairwise directional connectedness from economy \(j\) to economy \(i\)
at horizon \(H\). For the intuitive purpose,
\({{C}_{i\leftarrow j}}\left( H \right)\) represents the pairwise
connectedness from economy \(j\) to economy \(i\) at horizon \(H\) and
the opposite direction pairwise connectedness from economy as
\({{C}_{j\leftarrow i}}\left( H \right)\). The net pairwise directional
connectedness then can be defined as

\[{{C}_{ij}}={{C}_{i\leftarrow j}}\left( H \right)-{{C}_{j\leftarrow i}}\left( H \right)\]

The net pairwise directional connectedness identifies the dominant
economy who transmit the information. Note that
\({{C}_{ij}}=-{{C}_{ji}}\) and if \({{C}_{ij}}>0\) then, economy
\(j\)transmit the information to economy \(i\).

To find how all the economy are jointly contributing to a single
economy, then the partial aggregation of connectedness from all economy
to economy \(i\) except from itself can be denoted as the row sum

\[{{C}_{i\leftarrow \bullet }}\left( H \right)=\frac{\sum\nolimits_{j=1,j\ne i}^{N}{\tilde{\theta }_{ij}^{g}\left( H \right)}}{\sum\nolimits_{i=1}^{N}{\sum\nolimits_{j=1}^{N}{\tilde{\theta }_{ij}^{g}\left( H \right)}}}=\frac{\sum\nolimits_{j=1,j\ne i}^{N}{\tilde{\theta }_{ij}^{g}\left( H \right)}}{N}\]

Similarly, to compute how a market \(i\) is contributing to the shocks
of all other economy (except by itself) by aggregating partially as

\[{{C}_{\bullet \leftarrow i}}\left( H \right)=\frac{\sum\nolimits_{j=1,j\ne i}^{N}{\tilde{\theta }_{ji}^{g}\left( H \right)}}{\sum\nolimits_{i=1}^{N}{\sum\nolimits_{j=1}^{N}{\tilde{\theta }_{ij}^{g}\left( H \right)}}}=\frac{\sum\nolimits_{i=1,j\ne i}^{N}{\tilde{\theta }_{ji}^{g}\left( H \right)}}{N}\]

Then the net directional connectedness can be measured as:

\[{{C}_{i}}\left( H \right)={{C}_{i\leftarrow \bullet }}\left( H \right)-{{C}_{\bullet \leftarrow i}}\left( H \right)\]

The total aggregation of the variance decompositions across all markets
measures the system-wide connectedness. The total connectedness in all
markets can be computed as:

\[C\left( H \right)=\frac{\sum\nolimits_{i=1,i\ne j}^{N}{\sum\nolimits_{j=1,j\ne i}^{N}{\tilde{\theta }_{ji}^{g}\left( H \right)}}}{\sum\nolimits_{i=1}^{N}{\sum\nolimits_{j=1}^{N}{\tilde{\theta }_{ij}^{g}\left( H \right)}}}=\frac{\sum\nolimits_{i=1,i\ne j}^{N}{\sum\nolimits_{j=1,j\ne i}^{N}{\tilde{\theta }_{ji}^{g}\left( H \right)}}}{N}\]

\section{Results and discussions}\label{results-and-discussions}

\subsection{Determinants of the
Spillovers}\label{determinants-of-the-spillovers}

\subsection{Robustness}\label{robustness}

\subsection{Descriptive Statistics}\label{descriptive-statistics}

\subsection{Trend Diagram}\label{trend-diagram}

\subsection{unconditional or Full Sample Analysis with lag of p and
horizon of H using both VAR and
VECM}\label{unconditional-or-full-sample-analysis-with-lag-of-p-and-horizon-of-h-using-both-var-and-vecm}

\subsection{Pareto Distribution of from and to
effects}\label{pareto-distribution-of-from-and-to-effects}

\subsection{Rolling Sample Analysis}\label{rolling-sample-analysis}

\subsection{Sensitivity of Index for Lags, Horizon for VAR and
VECM}\label{sensitivity-of-index-for-lags-horizon-for-var-and-vecm}

\subsection{Sensitivity of Index for Lags, Horizon and Cointegrating
ranks for both VAR and VECM
model}\label{sensitivity-of-index-for-lags-horizon-and-cointegrating-ranks-for-both-var-and-vecm-model}

\subsection{US, Germany, Japan, France, UK,
Italy}\label{us-germany-japan-france-uk-italy}

\subsection{Network Analysis for centrality and Network
Plots}\label{network-analysis-for-centrality-and-network-plots}

\section{Conclusions}\label{conclusions}

\section*{References}\label{references}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{References}

\hypertarget{refs}{}
\hypertarget{ref-Alizadeh2002}{}
Alizadeh, Sassan, Michael W Brandt, and Francis X Diebold. 2002.
``Range-Based Estimation of Stochastic Volatility Models.'' \emph{The
Journal of Finance}.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/1540-6261.00454}{10.1111/1540-6261.00454}.

\hypertarget{ref-antonakakis2012exchange}{}
Antonakakis, Nikolaos. 2012. ``Exchange Return Co-Movements and
Volatility Spillovers Before and After the Introduction of Euro.''
\emph{Journal of International Financial Markets, Institutions and
Money} 22 (5). Elsevier: 1091--1109.

\hypertarget{ref-Awartani2016}{}
Awartani, Basel, Maghyereh Aktham, and Guermat Cherif. 2016. ``The
connectedness between crude oil and financial markets: Evidence from
implied volatility indices.'' \emph{Journal of Commodity Markets} 4 (1):
56--69.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jcomm.2016.11.002}{10.1016/j.jcomm.2016.11.002}.

\hypertarget{ref-Barunik2015}{}
Barunik, Jozef, and Tomas Krehlik. 2015. ``Measuring the frequency
dynamics of financial connectedness and systemic risk.'' \emph{SSRN
Electronic Journal} 420 (776).
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2627599}{10.2139/ssrn.2627599}.

\hypertarget{ref-Billio2012}{}
Billio, Monica, Mila Getmansky, Andrew W. Lo, and Loriana Pelizzon.
2012. ``Econometric measures of connectedness and systemic risk in the
finance and insurance sectors.'' \emph{Journal of Financial Economics}
104 (3). Elsevier: 535--59.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2011.12.010}{10.1016/j.jfineco.2011.12.010}.

\hypertarget{ref-Bubak2011}{}
Bubák, Vít, Evžen Kočenda, and Filip Žikeš. 2011. ``Volatility
transmission in emerging European foreign exchange markets.''
\emph{Journal of Banking and Finance} 35 (11): 2829--41.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jbankfin.2011.03.012}{10.1016/j.jbankfin.2011.03.012}.

\hypertarget{ref-Cimini2015}{}
Cimini, Riccardo. 2015. ``Eurozone network `Connectedness' after fiscal
year 2008.'' \emph{Finance Research Letters} 14. Elsevier Inc.: 160--66.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.frl.2015.05.003}{10.1016/j.frl.2015.05.003}.

\hypertarget{ref-Diebold2009}{}
Diebold, Francis X., and Kamil Yilmaz. 2009. ``Measuring financial asset
return and volatility spillovers, with application to global equity
markets.'' \emph{Economic Journal} 119 (534): 158--71.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1468-0297.2008.02208.x}{10.1111/j.1468-0297.2008.02208.x}.

\hypertarget{ref-Diebold2012}{}
---------. 2012. ``Better to give than to receive: Predictive
directional measurement of volatility spillovers.'' \emph{International
Journal of Forecasting} 28 (1). Elsevier B.V.: 57--66.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijforecast.2011.02.006}{10.1016/j.ijforecast.2011.02.006}.

\hypertarget{ref-Diebold2013}{}
---------. 2013. ``Measuring the Dynamics of Global Business Cycle
Connectedness.'' \emph{SSRN Electronic Journal}, no. 111.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2369340}{10.2139/ssrn.2369340}.

\hypertarget{ref-Diebold2014}{}
---------. 2014. ``On the network topology of variance decompositions:
Measuring the connectedness of financial firms.'' \emph{Journal of
Econometrics} 182 (1). Elsevier B.V.: 119--34.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jeconom.2014.04.012}{10.1016/j.jeconom.2014.04.012}.

\hypertarget{ref-Diebold2015}{}
---------. 2015. ``Trans-Atlantic Equity Volatility Connectedness : U .
S . and European Financial Institutions , 2004 -- 2014.'' \emph{Journal
of Financial Econometrics} 0 (0): 1--47.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1093/jjfinec/nbv021}{10.1093/jjfinec/nbv021}.

\hypertarget{ref-Garman1980}{}
Garman, Mark, B., and Michael J. Klass. 1980. ``On the Estimation of
Security Price Volatility from Historical Data.'' \emph{The Journal of
Business}.

\hypertarget{ref-Kali2010}{}
Kali, Raja, and Javier Reyes. 2010. ``Financial contagion on the
international trade network.'' \emph{Economic Inquiry} 48 (4):
1072--1101.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1465-7295.2009.00249.x}{10.1111/j.1465-7295.2009.00249.x}.

\hypertarget{ref-Klau2006}{}
Klau, Marc, and San Sau Fung. 2006. ``The new BIS effective exchange
rate indices.'' \emph{BIS Quaterly Review}, no. March: 51--66.
\href{https://www.bis.org/publ/qtrpdf/r\%7B/_\%7Dqt0603e.htm}{https://www.bis.org/publ/qtrpdf/r\{\textbackslash{}\_\}qt0603e.htm}.

\hypertarget{ref-klossner2014international}{}
Klößner, Stefan, and Rodrigo Sekkel. 2014. ``International Spillovers of
Policy Uncertainty.'' \emph{Economics Letters} 124 (3). Elsevier:
508--12.

\hypertarget{ref-Krugman1994}{}
Krugman, Paul. 1994. ``Competitiveness: A Dangerous Obsession.''
\emph{Foreign Affairs}.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.2307/20045917}{10.2307/20045917}.

\hypertarget{ref-Park2017}{}
Park, Hail, and Yongcheol Shin. 2017. ``Exploring international linkages
using generalised connectedness measures: The case of Korea.''
\emph{International Review of Economics and Finance} 50 (March).
Elsevier: 49--64.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.iref.2017.03.029}{10.1016/j.iref.2017.03.029}.

\hypertarget{ref-Turner1993}{}
Turner, Philip, and Jozef Van'tdack. 1993. ``Measuring International
Price and Cost Competitiveness.'' Basel: Bank for International
Settlements. \url{https://www.bis.org/publ/econ39.pdf}.

\hypertarget{ref-UNCTAD2012}{}
UNCTAD. 2012. ``Development and globalization: facts and figures 2012.''
Geneva: UNCTAD.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.3233/SJI-2011-0713}{10.3233/SJI-2011-0713}.

\end{document}


